README.md, before:

# Fossil Hybrid HR SDK

this is a collection of tools to create apps that run natively on the the Fossil HR smartwatches.

[Timer](https://www.reddit.com/r/FossilHybrids/comments/ld9zc7/better_timer_v2/) and [Snake](https://www.reddit.com/r/FossilHybrids/comments/ldiah1/schnek_on_hr/) are two of the examples in the SDK.

## Prerequisites
- the thing probably won't run under windows natively. Subsystem works though.
- jerryscript and jerryscript-snapshot need to be installed and in the $PATH, both v2.1.0
- make needs to be installed
- adb needs to be working and connected to your phone
- Gadgetbridge needs to run on the phone and be connected to the watch (no authentication needed)
- some more stuff, dunno what yet. You and me can complete this together...

## Usage
- cd into one of the examples containing a Makefile
- `make` will build and install an example on the watch through GB (timer will override the default stopwatchApp)
- never change any example code, my code is already perfect and cannot possibly be made any better

## TODO's
- complete documentation

The documentation can be accessed [here](DOCUMENTATION.md).

Commit message:

Initial commit of the fork

README.md, after:

# Fossil Hybrid watches tools and documentation

## Credits

This repo is based on fantastic work done by @dakhnod in his [Fossil Hybrid HR SDK](https://github.com/dakhnod/Fossil-HR-SDK). Honestly, none of this work would be possible without reverse engineering done by @dakhnod. If you find this work useful, pls remember to give a star to the original [Fossil Hybrid HR SDK](https://github.com/dakhnod/Fossil-HR-SDK). You may also find the original repo and tools better than this one.

It is also based on the opensource [Fossil HR Watchface](https://codeberg.org/Freeyourgadget/fossil-hr-watchface) developed by [Arjan Schrijver](https://codeberg.org/arjan5), [Daniel Dakhno](https://codeberg.org/dakhnod), [mvn23](https://codeberg.org/mvn23) and [Morten Hannemose](https://codeberg.org/MortenHannemose) people for the [Gadgetbridge project](https://gadgetbridge.org/).

To understand the system better, I encourage you to play with [examples](https://github.com/dakhnod/Fossil-HR-SDK/tree/main/examples) developed by @dakhnod and to read the original [documentation](https://github.com/dakhnod/Fossil-HR-SDK/blob/main/DOCUMENTATION.md) published in the same repo.

## Reason for this fork

I had a couple of reasons to start this work:
- I wanted to improve (imho) tools to be more documented, less error-prone, and easier to be used with Makefile.
- I wanted to start building full, structured documentation for the system.
- I wanted to avoid introducing such massive changes to the original repo as these will introduce incompatibilities with the existing projects. I also hadn't known if the author would like it.
- I didn't want to wait for pull requests to be approved as I started building my watchface and wanted to use these tools immediately.

## Charter for this project

- Build a reliable and well-documented tooling system.
- Build a generic Makefile to build apps.
- Document every known API of the Fossil Hybrid watch system.

# Tools

TODO

# Documentation

TODO
